chore(readme):small fix in notes and added screenshot (#9)
telerik/blazor-ui-messages: README.md

If you do so, feel free to contribute your work.

> You can find an up-to-date list of the used strings in the demos solution we provide. Telerik maintains the main `TelerikMessages.resx` file to have the full list with each release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find an up-to-date list of the used strings in our [API documentation](https://docs.telerik.com/blazor-ui/api/Telerik.Blazor.Resources.Messages) and the [offline version](https://www.telerik.com/account/my-downloads) of our [Demo solution](http://demos.telerik.com/blazor-ui/). Telerik maintains the main`TelerikMessages.resx` file (in English) to have the full list with each release.
```
